Expand noble migration advice (#654)
freedomofpress/securedrop-docs: docs/admin/maintenance/noble_migration.rst

Once it finishes, you should verify you can submit tips via the Source Interface and can log into the
Journalist Interface and download submissions.

> It is important that running the migration script, ``./securedrop-admin noble_migration``, completes
> successfully. If it fails, it is safe to run multiple times. If it continues failing, see :ref:`the debugging advice below<debugging>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running the migration script, ``./securedrop-admin noble_migration``, it's important to ensure that it completes successfully. If it fails, it is safe to run multiple times. If it continues failing, see :ref:`the debugging advice below<debugging>`.
```

A small clarification

> successfully. If it fails, it is safe to run multiple times. If it continues failing, see :ref:`the debugging advice below<debugging>`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add "The final line of the command output should read: `INFO: Upgrade to Ubuntu Noble complete!`" just to make it clearer what "successful" means in this case.

Verifying success
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> You can verify that the upgrade succesfully finished on the *Application Server* by running:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify that the upgrade completed successfully on the *Application Server* by running:
```

I don't think the original was wrong, but it didn't feel quite right to me. Please feel free to take or leave this suggestion.
